# hello-world
Odd, interesting, and obscure info
I would describe myself as a very curious, but skeptical, seeker of knowledge. When I say "knowledge", I don't mean the information anyone who goes to a decent college will find there! That knowledge IS very important for people's foundation of what they will be learning for the rest of their lives. Our future young people need that knowledge foundation especially, they will be our next government representatives possibly. All well known fields of learning that are taught at our colleges and universities around the U.S., are VITALY important to start the seeds that will possibly give us the next Einstein!
I love ALL knowledge, but I'm looking for certain information that isn't widely taught at our universities. I'm looking for data that isn't widely known even among the most well-read Americans! 
I'm talking about things that most people don't even know exist! Obscure info that most people don't know where to find. I'm talking about, for example, the "DARK WEB"! I remember the first time that I found out that most of the Internet isn't seen by majority of Americans! I'll never forget discovering that although we believe that the Internet is VERY, VERY HUGE; the amount that WE actually see of it, is actually less than 10% of the FULL Internet! I was totally shocked at finding this out! And everyone who I told this to, hadn't ever heard about it either! The feeling that I had after doing further research into this, was of even more questions in my heart and mind! I realized that there was info out there that most people didn't even have a "clue" about! That's what I'm looking for. And I met many other people who want to know more about this world, that is just under the radar of the average American. I want to meet more like-minded individualso who have many questions, but not enough answers!
